New values and types chapter (#516)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/values-and-types/working-with-null.adoc

[[cypher-working-with-null]]
= Working with `null`

In Cypher, `null` is used to represent missing or undefined values.
All data types in Cypher are nullable. 

> Conceptually, `null` means **a missing, unknown value**, and it is treated somewhat differently from other values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conceptually, `null` means **a missing or unknown value**, and it is treated somewhat differently from other values.
```

They are slightly different in meaning:
Unknown: An "unknown" null is taken to be a placeholder for an arbitrary but unknown value.
Missing: A "missing" null is taken to be a marker for the absence of a value.

For example, returning a property from a node that does not have said property produces `null`.
Most expressions that take `null` as input will produce `null`.
This includes boolean expressions that are used as predicates in the `WHERE` clause.

> In this case, anything that is not `true` is interpreted as being false.

Reviewer: This sentence feels like it contradicts the previous sentence a bit

Author: You mean "If there is a RANGE or POINT index on a particular node or relationship property, and a spatial point is assigned to that property on a node or relationship, the node or relationship will be indexed."?

Author: You mean "In this case, anything that is not `true` is interpreted as being false"?

Reviewer: I re-read it and now I understand it, but wonder if we can make it clearer.

Most expressions that take `null` as input will produce `null`.
In the case of a predicate in a `WHERE` clause, anything that is not `true` is interpreted as being false.

[[cypher-null-in-operator]]
== The `IN` operator and `null`

The xref::syntax/operators.adoc#syntax-using-in-to-check-if-a-number-is-in-a-list[IN operator] follows similar logic.

> If Cypher knows that something exists in a list, the result will be `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Cypher can be certain that something exists in a list, the result will be `true`.
```

Feels strange to me implying that Cypher as a language can 'know' something, but maybe it can 🤷‍♀️

Any list that contains a `null` and does not have a matching element will return `null`.
Otherwise, the result will be `false`.

.examples of expressions containing the IN operator
[options="header", cols="^m,^m"]
|====
|Expression  | Result
|2 IN [1, 2, 3] | true
|2 IN [1, null, 3] | null
|2 IN [1, 2, null] | true
|2 IN [1] | false
|2 IN [] | false
|null IN [1, 2, 3] | null
|null IN [1, null, 3] | null
|null IN [] | false
|====

> Using `all`, `any`, `none`, and `single` follows a similar rule.

Reviewer: the sentence below uses the word `definitely`, should it be `definitively`?

> [[is-null-is-not-null]]

Reviewer: > * Function calls where any arguments are `null`: `sin(null)`

I wouldn't say this is true for all functions, also would it note be: any argument is (and not any arguments are?)

Author: Should we delete this last point then?

Reviewer: Or say that Some function calls.... e.g `sin(null)`
